all right if you want to talk a little
bit about your experience at Florida
yeah it's been an unbelievable
experience I grew up big Gator fan my
mom went to school here I was where I
always wanted to go I didn't think it
was much of a possibility because I
didn't start playing football until late
so just get in here and being part of
the Gators was unbelievable all around
and how is Florida prepared you for you
know moving on to the next level it's
one of the highest stages you can play
football out whether it be the pros or
college you know you don't get paid to
do it but you play in front of 90,000
fans every time you go out there they're
high state games people really care
about football in the south alright and
we're there any you know words of advice
that any coaches told you that really
stopping have helped you through this
the biggest thing is uh
they made me confident about my
abilities tie me you know that I can't
play the next level in all we have a lot
of coaches to a coach at the next level
so just hearing from them that I I can
do it it's been the biggest thing for me
and what about teammates yeah I have a
lot of teammates that have gone on us
really neat thing about University of
course we have so many guys that go on
and play at the next level
Chaz Henry's one of my best friends so I
mean he company tells me exactly how it
is you know he's been he was part of the
Eagles for a year he got cut so you know
he knows exactly it's a business and
also he's had really good advice on all
aspects of it how different isn't gonna
be you know looking at the stadium this
is where you're used to being how is it
gonna be in the stands watching I
actually watch the spring game from the
stands I thought it was pretty cool you
know it's come out here you're kind of
carefree you got to watch some of your
best friends play I'm looking forward to
that watching to see their games on TV
I'm hoping I can't make too many games
this year but we'll see alright and when
you look back at college
what is gonna be a moment that you're
really gonna remember there's quite a
few moments I think going to FSU and
winning our last game there if you know
seniors that was pretty awesome you know
we lost two straight to them after a
real long stretch where we were beating
them so that so finishing strong against
them winning the state was huge for me
what are you doing to prep for the job
um I've been out here every day I've
coached Hillman and coach Jesse still
let me come into the weight room and
work out with them they'll write me up
plans I'm out here kicking a lot on the
practice fields and running and do
whatever I need to do here and then just
kind of waiting on workouts with the
different teams and every time I get a
chance to them want to be a hundred
percent and where you gonna be for the
draft I want to be at home and st.
Augustine moving out of gains a little
the end of the month and hopefully I'll
be going somewhere soon